doc: nrf: Update known issues section for Asset Tracker v2 (#7878)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

CIA-604: ATv2 cannot be built for the ``thingy91_nrf9160_ns`` build target with ``SECURE_BOOT`` enabled
  Due to the use of static partitions with the Thingy:91, there is insufficient room in the flash memory to enable both the primary and secondary bootloaders.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

> CIA-661: ATv2 configured for LwM2M cannot be built for the ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns`` build target with ``CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED`` enabled due to memory constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CIA-661: Asset Tracker v2 application configured for LwM2M cannot be built for the ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns`` build target with modem traces enabled
  The :ref:`asset_tracker_v2` application configured for LwM2M cannot be built for the ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns`` build target with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED` enabled due to memory constraints.
```

  **Workaround:** Use one of the following workarounds:

>   * Use :ref:`secure_partition_manager` instead of TF-M by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM` and disabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Use :ref:`secure_partition_manager` instead of TF-M by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM` to ``y`` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM` to ``n``.
```

>   * Reduce :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_SHMEM_TRACE_SIZE` to 8 Kb, however this might lead to modem traces getting lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Reduce the value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_SHMEM_TRACE_SIZE` to 8 Kb, however, this might lead to modem traces getting lost.
```
